All right.
Prepare to jump again.
[Starscream gasping anxiously]
Help! [grunting]
This stasis field
you and Rhinox put together,
I've never seen technology like this.
Ah! It's actually quite primitive.
[Starscream grunts]
They're coming!
They know exactly where we are!
We have to be ready!
-[stasis field whirs]
-[Starscream gasps]
Ugh! But at least it keeps him quiet.
-[rumble]
-[Blackarachnia grunts]
Another jump.
[Teletraan] Emerging in three…
two…
[Ratchet] The Dead Universe.
Teletraan!
[Teletraan] Commencing system shutdown.
[wind howls]
[Autobots grunt]
[Prime] All hands, brace for--
[clattering]
[Ark scraping]
[wind whistles]
[wind gusting]
[Wheeljack groaning]
[groans] Rhinox initiated the stabilizers
just before we materialized.
He saved all of us.
[Bumblebee] So much loss.
And more to come
if the Allspark dies on our watch.
We need to go… now.
[Matrix whirring]
[whistle]
[Prime grunts softly] Bumblebee,
salvage anything that still functions,
then report to our Iacon HQ.
Find out if anyone else is still here.
What about the prisoners?
Keep them in stasis until I return.
[Bumblebee] You're going alone?
You are needed here…
all of you.
And this… is my responsibility.
[wind whistling]
[Prime] We will rendezvous at Iacon.
[engine rumbling]
Till all are one.
[theme music plays]
[engine rumbling]
[blizzard gusting]
[brakes hiss]
[Prime transforms]
Bumblebee!
My orders were for you
to salvage what you can
and lead the others to Iacon.
[grunts] Those were scrap orders
and you know it, Prime!
The Alpha Trion protocols may be gone,
but they still chose me
to bring you balance.
And driving off into the night
alone with the Allspark
because of guilt or ego
or whatever is not balanced!
It's foolish!
Now, let me do my job
and help you carry the weight!
[grunts] I could not say it
in front of the others.
-The home we knew… is gone.
-[Matrix whistles]
It is all my fault.
I don't give a damn whose fault it is.
Maybe it is yours.
But your soldiers,
your friends don't care anymore.
All we want is to help you fix it.
Forgive me.
[sighs] There's nothing… to…
[Prime] What is it?
W-- We…
We should go.
[wind howling]
[Prime] Huh.
[metal scraping ice]
[Prime] No.
[wind howling]
[Prime] Elita.
[Bumblebee sighs]
[in low voice]
There's no way to know what…
[sighs] I…
took the Allspark.
I provoked our enemies…
and this…
this is the cost.
[Bumblebee sighs]
I'm sorry.
-[Prime sighs]
-But we need to go.
Time is running out.
The Allspark must be returned or their…
Elita's sacrifice will mean nothing.
-[wind howling]
-[metal rattling]
[Prime] Hmm.
[howling wind increases]
[growls and gasps]
What is this place?
Who dares--
[Galvatron] Easy now, young one.
I know the stasis field
can be disorienting,
but we can't have you tired out
before the big finale.
[laughs menacingly]
[Matrix whistles in the wind]
[Prime]
The Ancient Temple of the Allspark.
[Bumblebee]
This wasn't here before we left.
It was always in motion,
like the Allspark itself,
choosing carefully
where and to whom it would be revealed.
[sighs] Right,
but I was talking about this crater.
Someone did this very recently, very fast.
Other than you,
who has that kind of power?
Other than me…
hmm…
no one.
Which means that…
my future self…
Nemesis Prime.
So it is true.
You…
You are me.
Once, but that was a long time ago.
I am the property of a powerful being,
older than recorded history,
a devourer of worlds
who sees my every move.
[exhales]
Unicron.
If I so much as look at the Allspark,
his torture will be swift and brutal.
And since you are no slave… yet,
you are free
to seize the Allspark
and to use it to destroy…
m-- my future master.
But it is meant to…
to revitalize Cybertron.
If we use it to destroy Unicron…
wh-- what happens to the planet?
[growls] Who cares?
This is about me,
which makes it about you!
A lifetime of freedom
or a return to slavery.
That's it.
Once Unicron sees what we're doing,
it's over.
So we must move quickly.
My associate is waiting for us.
[ominous music plays]
[Galvatron] And right now,
he has the Allspark in his sights.
Nemesis Prime is the monster
I am destined to one day become.
You could never become that.
[Prime] And yet…
there I stand.
[Bumblebee]
How-- How did he even get here? Why now?
[Prime] The past and future
are converging at this moment,
all because of my foolish actions.
He wants the Allspark.
[sighs] And if he's you,
then we both know…
[Prime sighs]
He will not give up
until he has it.
[wind gusts]
[sensor trilling]
[beeping]
-[weapon powers up]
-[Nemesis Prime growls]
[shots ricocheting]
[grunts]
[growls]
It was just a momentary fluctuation,
but it registered.
[device beeps]
-[Primal] Prowl.
-Y-- Yes?
Where is Megatron?
-[loud rumble]
-[both yell]
[Prowl gasps]
[gasps]
[Cheetor grunts]
-[Rattrap grunts]
-[Megatron grunts]
Die, Autobots!
[Arcee grunting]
[Galvatron groans]
[growls]
[Cheetor grunts]
-[Galvatron groans]
-Followed us through time, huh?
[Galvatron growls]
[grunting]
-[Megatron grunts]
-[Tigatron yells]
Huh!
[groans]
-[Cheetor groans]
-[Arcee grunts]
We have to go now!
After you.
They're going after Prime!
Do we chase them?
If Galvatron's here, he isn't alone,
which means we're going
to need a lot more firepower.
I've got a terrible idea.
-[Bumblebee grunting]
-[wind howls]
[Primes grunting]
[growling] Hmm. Give it to me.
[snarls] I do not have it!
[Prime groans]
[Nemesis Prime grunts]
You can't lie to me.
[grunts]
[growls] Hand it over!
Did Megatron do this to you?
Megatron was weak like you.
He died only to be reborn,
like me,
of Unicron.
[pants] Unicron… is a myth!
That's what he wants you to think, fool!
Believe he is insidious
and must be vanquished.
With the power of the Allspark.
[growls] Where is it?
-[Bumblebee grunting]
-[debris crumbling]
[grunts]
[grunts] Come on, you.
Stay with me.
[Primes grunting]
[Prime grunts]
-[Nemesis Prime groans]
-[weapon cocks]
You are exaggerating
to get me to lower my defenses.
-[shot fires]
-[Prime groans]
[Nemesis Prime growls]
[Galvatron growls]
New friends, Megatron?
It's Galvatron now.
I was not talking to you.
In fact, you were.
Time and tide have changed us both,
old friend.
I know what you want,
but we have traveled too far
and sacrificed too much
to simply hand it over.
How do you think you got here?
We were waiting for you,
to drag you from the Dead Universe,
where you and the Allspark were to perish.
Do you want thanks?
No,
just reparations.
We come from a future
where the Allspark no longer exists.
We are the result
of you ripping it from Cybertron
and failing to bring it back.
Then let us complete our mission.
Once Cybertron is restored,
we will have changed the future.
In this timeline, but not in mine.
The only hope I have for a better future
is to kill Unicron.
[Primal] It's true.
On our Cybertron,
we lived under constant threat
from Unicron
and his lackeys,
Galvatron and Nemesis Prime,
but we are not returning to that world.
This is our home now
and we are prepared to defend it.
-All of us.
-[footsteps approach]
It's what I tried to tell you, Megatron.
We have to take a stand!
If they take the Allspark to their world,
ours and those left in it will surely die.
Stay with Galvatron.
Accept what fates impose.
Or, like us,
side with your enemy
and fight for something better.
Choose, Megatron!
[Galvatron]
Don't exhaust your vocalizer, Starscream.
Megatron always knew
the better deal when he--
[weapon cocks]
He's right.
You don't decide my fate.
I decide yours.
[growls]
Treacherous fool!
Changing timelines doesn't make you
immune to Unicron.
He'll come for you, too.
And while I'd rather die than serve,
I may just surrender to him,
if only to make myself the author
of Galvatron's misery.
[Nemesis Prime grunts]
[Megatron yells]
I tried to warn you.
Why do you think
we let that idiot Predacon
bring you the Golden Disk?
[all grunting]
[Predacon Megatron roars]
[Maximals grunting]
[Rhinox growls]
[Predacon Megatron roars]
[grunts]
[tense music plays]
Come on! Open up!
I have the Allspark and it's dying!
You have to let me in!
[clank]
[sighs] That's right.
Chosen one, thank you very much.
[Galvatron growling]
Ugh! [grunts]
-[roars]
-[Galvatron] It's in the temple.
Go now!
[Arcee grunts]
We have to stop him.
With what?
There's only two of them
and we're still outnumbered!
[faint tinkling and whizzing]
[solemn instrumental music plays]
[Prime gasps softly]
Impossible.
[sparks tinkling softly]
[dramatic music plays]
Please.
[Allspark clanks]
[whirring]
[whirring stops]
[heavy clunk]
I was too late.
[voice breaks] I'm so sorry.
[temple whir fading]
No.
Huh.
[snarls]
-[growls]
-[Nemesis Prime grunts]
[boom]
[Prime gasps softly]
Elita.
Forgive me.
It was my fault.
[voice echoing] It was the only choice,
and no one else could make it.
Thank you.
I will always love you…
Orion.
[sparks whoosh]
[increasing rumble]
[boom]
[temple rumbling]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder fading]
[whizzing]
[all cheering] Yeah!
-[bot laughing]
-[bots] Yeah!
[cheering continues]
It is… a fitting tribute.
For once, we agree.
There is still much healing to do.
The war may be over,
but Galvatron and Nemesis Prime
have shown us
that the fight for the future
has only just begun.
For now, though,
till all are one.
Where will you go?
It is a larger world today,
large enough to sustain us all…
for now.
I still hear him, you know.
Unicron.
Even without the Disk,
he is… displeased.
Then I expect,
at some point, he'll show himself,
and we'll be ready.
[Unicron growls] Awaken.
Awaken.
Once again,
I have saved your miserable lives.
[Nemesis Prime whispers] Master.
[Unicron] Using the Dead Universe
to move through time
was a foolish risk.
Nevertheless,
it has given me ideas.
[Galvatron gasps]
[both groaning]
[Unicron] So…
I shall be king again.
[theme music plays]
[music fades out]